---
title: "8.2"
description: DipDup 8.2 release notes
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->

# Release Notes: 8.2

Today we are glad to present you DipDup 8.2. This release contains the following improvements:

- New: indexing events on Substrate networks
- Starknet improvements
- `uv` support
- Various bug fixes and improvements

## Indexing Substrate events

If you're new to DipDup and want action, follow the [Substrate Quickstart Guide](../0.quickstart-substrate.md)!

If you're familiar with DipDup, the process is very similar to indexing EVM and Starknet networks. Run the `dipdup new` command to initialize the project interactively, update the with your URLs/variables/addresses (in this case, pallets) to index, run `dipdup init`, and you're good to go.

We support three sources of Substrate data. Squid Network provides all kinds of historical data in a very efficient format. For the blocks yet to be processed by Squid Network you can use Substrate node RPC. Indexing with node RPC is much slower, but allows to process blocks as soon as they are announced. Finally, an optional Subscan API connector is used to speed up the project initialization.

This release is a pretty big milestone for us, but we decided to make it a minor one, since we follow the semantic versioning, and 8.2 doesn't introduce any changes that break backward compatibility. So, you can extend your existing projects with Substrate data right after the update.

## Starknet improvements

We continue to improve our Starknet support. In this release, it's now possible to fetch the contract ABIs from the Starknet node instead of putting them into the project manually (you must have `starknet.node` datasource configured). Also, all complex Starknet types are parsed correctly now.

## `uv` support

Starting from this release, DipDup defaults to using [`uv`](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) for new projects, a powerful and [extremely fast](https://lincolnloop.github.io/python-package-manager-shootout/) package manager for Python.

In the future we plan to also use `uv` as a `pipx` replacement for standalone installations (installer script and `dipdup self` commands).

## 7.5 branch EOL

The previous major DipDup release, 7.5, has reached its end of life. We recommend upgrading to the latest version to get the latest features and bug fixes.

We aim to support only the latest major version in the future, as maintaining multiple release branches appeared to be a significant overhead. Instead, changes that break backward compatibility will be rolled out gradually and could be enabled with `DIPDUP_NEXT` env variable.

{{ #include 9.release-notes/_8.2_changelog.md }}
{{ #include 9.release-notes/_footer.md }}
